### Stroke Prediction using Logistic Regression
Machine Learning is the fastest-growing technique in many fields and the healthcare industry is no exception to this. Machine Learning algorithms plays an essential role in predicting the presence/absence of Heart diseases, tumors, and more. Such required information, if predicted well in advance, can provide important insights to doctors who can then adapt their diagnosis and treat the patient accordingly. World Health Organization has estimated 12 million deaths occur worldwide, every year due to heart diseases. Half the deaths in the United States and other developed countries are due to cardiovascular diseases. The early prognosis of stroke diseases can aid in making decisions on lifestyle changes in high-risk patients and in turn reduce the complications. If it is about to identify the relationship and factors affecting it can cured n advance time. This research intends to pinpoint the most relevant/risk factors of heart disease as well as predict the overall risk using logistic regression. In this report, I'll discuss the prediction of stroke using Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithm I have implemented is logistic regression on the Health

## Introduction

According to World Health Organisation (WHO), stroke are the second leading cause of death and the third leading cause of disability globally. Stroke is the sudden death of some brain cells due to lack of oxygen when the blood flow to the brain is lost by blockage or rupture of an artery to the brain, it is also a leading cause of dementia and depression.
